hi everybody. This week I conducted a survey among students. The purpose of the survey is to study preferences in homemade food and fast food, as well as factors influencing this choice.

let's start from the beginning with what students prefer - homemade food or fast food. You can see that 12% prefer fast food, while 24% prefer homemade food. A majority (64%) prefer both fast food and homemade food, it is mean  a balanced approach.
Next, let's look at each option.

I studied these two charts, I can say that fast food is most often consumed once a week (52%), then once a month (24%) and several times a week (12%). Only 12% reported eating fast food once a year.

 the Second diagram is showed the first reason why to  prefer fast food. This is saving time. saving time (40%), followed by availability (36%) and simply liking fast food (20%).another reason is accessibility. Anywhere, you can see and visit a fast food restaurant.

let's move on to information about homemade food. How often do students eat homemade food. Also about the benefits of homemade food.Homemade dishes are more often consumed: 60% reported that they eat them every day and another 32% several times a week.I think this is a good result.

look at the second diagram. The diagram shows the simple but most important reason why you prefer homemade food.Yes, it's health care or healthy food.because Concern for health (60%) was the most common reason for choosing homemade food, followed by a preference for homemade taste (28%) and saving money (12%).


of course after these question i wanted ask How do you think, do you have good nutrition now.When asked about their nutrition, only 24% of the students agreed, while 36% disagreed and 40% were unsure.this means that even people who understand healthy and unhealthy foods are not sure about their nutrition.


in conclusion  i asked If you didn't have such problems as lack of money and time and other problems, would you change your diet. (64%)  choosers are  ready to change their diet . However, 28% were unsure  changes diet now, while only 8% were satisfied with their current diet.

In conclusion, I want to say that it is necessary to maintain a balance between convenience and health
